Google Classroom post from 2021.10.08:
The weather is starting to turn, so you all gather beneath the hill. Among the sea of toads bustling around the floor of the opening (all in exquisite dress, thoroughly respectable folk), you see that the kind toads have presented you all with a selection of sturdy old teacups, and a basket of fresh seedcakes. The procession of toads carrying these to you set down their baskets, step out from under them, and give a polite little bob before bloomphing on away.

The opening is well lit against the grey by two little candles, and with your back to the Toad Home, you watch as the rain slowly covers the road forward as it arcs away into the trees. You are safe from the weather here for now.

What do you do next?



Responses:

"Learn to make the seedcakes and give better ones to the kind toads as a gesture of hostility. I am better than the stuffy classist toads. I am a frog."

"I knock on the door or whatever kind of entrance portal exists before me, because I desire to enter the Toad Home."

"https://drive.google.com/file/d/1P1uEFLSBYWIxsKFxHHC0UlZUpRLWNYQ6/view"  (original toad python script)

"    As the last guest bloomphed away (having housewarmed a lovely tea set), Grey was left with just his candles for company. He looked towards the one to his left and watched it flicker for a bit. "You don't say much, huh?" he said. He reached down, grabbing a seedcake from one of the wicker baskets his guests had brought. He held it out towards his flame buddy. 
         "Mmm?" 
     The candle didn't say anything. Typical. He swiveled on his stool and offered his other companion a taste, but the right candle was equally silent. Grey shrugged, unbothered, and popped the seedcake into his own mouth. It was pretty good. He wondered if there was a recipe for it in the basket.
     Suddenly, a gust of wind slammed a nearby window open. Grey rushed to it to right the situation quickly, lest one of his fasting friends catch a cold from the air. Thankfully, the crisis was soon averted. But something caught his nose about the air. Was that...autumn? Sure enough, the leaves it blew were orange and golden in a most concerning way. The trees he could see beyond his window most certainly looked barer than they had when he'd been cleaning up for his guests but two hours earlier.
    In an instant he'd thrown on his coat and was outside. 
          "Hey Weather!". 
   The weather turned around to face him. 
          "No! No! That's the very thing you're not supposed to do! Quit turning, just stand still"
   The weather angled its face back away from Grey, and stood still as a statue.
         "There," Grey said, "Now just stay like that. Right there. No turning."
   And the toad walked back under the hill."

"Lay down on some moss to rest"
